might have reached, concerning the existence of Jesus. Standing outside the religion which seeks to evoke thirty a denigrated or god, They would naturally be perfectly frank in settling down what they knew of him - just as They would be in describing any figure whose significance is purely historical to theirs. Nay, more - They would probably be eager to bring forward any facts about Christ which would overthrow the claims of those who make a god-begotten Hercules or Theaker or Castor or Pollux of him. That The Erudite Jewish scholars of nineteen centuries have not done this, despite Their access to vast reservoirs of Hellenic Tradition Records, would seem to indicate that The Evidence on which any Estimate of Christ's parentage could be based is Either newly discovered or else subject to controversy regarding interpretation. That is what I meant when I said a book containing a theory of this sort would have to withstand a several fuselage of debate. But of course you realize this yourself, I am doubtless prepared to welcome the discussion. If it turned out that your interpretation of Talmudic or other records could successfully Establish itself against the negative interpretations of antecedent scholarship, your position would become overjast-importance indeed! My own opinion, as I have said, is in a state of flux - as all laymen's opinions must necessarily be. All I can do is to judge of third or fourth hand - relying on the extent to which real scholars agree or disagree - of the validity of these docencies on which various historians base their arguments. I must Endeavor to see a copy of your "fifth Pomeans of Christianity" which must be an extremely interesting it. Notically revealing back all apart from it standing on the present topic. Too bad it is now out of print - or perhaps that is not so unfortunate after all, since you say that its method of approach to it there is not what you would prefer to use today. I'll see if any of the local libraries have a copy.