but casual, second-hand knowledge. When I gave a guess, it was only a rough tentative one--based on what data are commonly floating around. In saying that a new theory would be hard to establish, I meant that there must be scholars who have minutely gone over all the available evidence which might differ from their own interpretations...or from the interpretations of earlier scholars. In the case of obscure Jewish records, it is natural to assume that these must have been minutely explored by the vast number of profound Jewish scholars who have lived since the period of Christ. These scholars would have no motive for concealing any facts they might have discovered, or conclusions they might have reached, concerning the existence and parentage of Jesus. Standing outside the religious religion which seeks to make this figure a demigod or god, they would naturally be perfectly frank in setting down what they knew of him--just as they would be in describing any figure whose significance is purely historical to them. Nay, more--they would probably be eager to bring forward any facts about Christ which would overthrow the claims of those who make a god-begotten Heracles or Theseus or Castor or Pollux of him. That the erudite Jewish scholars of nineteen centuries have not done this, despite their access to vast reservoirs of Hebraic tradition and records, would seem to indicate that the evidence on which any estimate of Christ's parentage could be based is either newly discovered or else subject to controversy regarding interpretation. That is what I meant when I said a book containing a theory of this sort would have to withstand a general fusilade of debate. But of course you realise this yourself, and are doubtless prepared to welcome the discussion. If it turned out that your interpretation of Talmudic and other records could successfully establish itself against the negative interpretations of antecedent scholarship, your position would become one of vast importance indeed! My own opinion, as I have said, is in a state of flux--as all