P.S. Enclosed is a little encroachment with some of my stuff - which you may find momentarily amusing.

My dear Dr. de Castro:

I am sorry to note that you hold such a sceptical or critical opinion concerning my present predicament of excessive work & never enough time. The misconception places one in an unnecessarily unfavorable light.

The facts are simply these: That I have, for the past year or more, undertaken more literary obligations than can possibly be discharged in the 16 hours per day which force the maximum normal schedule of work. To imagine that the given amount of labour can be compressed into a shorter time is to err. There is no way to do this except to lower the to err. There is no way to do this except to lower the to err. Therefore, quality of the work, if it is, I will not do. Therefore, I have tried to overcome the difficulty by taking hours from my sleep period - sometimes cutting out a night's rest (if it some cases continuous write) in order to clear up a crowded programme. But this will no longer serve. It diminishes my power of concentration, causes me to do poor work, induces spells of unconquerable drowsiness, weakness, inability to think, & even spoils my digestion. I have had these spells before when similarly overworked - Especially in 1906, (1906, 17916. Common sense ought to show that, when in such a dilemma, I cannot very well "forget my nervousness" & take on more work!!! Would it help to stop sleeping altogether (as I would naturally have to do in order to handle more work when my programme already contains far more than I can do in 16 hours per day) & assume fresh obligations which I could not possibly perform? Is that unwise & suicidal procedure necessary to the realisation of The Waltz "never say die"? I, myself, think it is a good deal more laudable to try to finish what I have started, than to take on new burdens which I know I could not possibly finish. The only effect of adding another burden would be to make the whole programme by making me incapable of any mental