Alverna-Algoda, Moses, Giteline Manitou, Quet zalcoatl, Wang Bahan Edah, Damballah, the angel Meroni, it all the reach...... only with such objective familial detachment as one finds in Fraser's "Golden Bough." What interest I have in The well-known religions of the ancient Sweden world is purely historical - measured by Their effect on the stream.... or varied streams..... of civilisation. Thus Jesus Yahwe - fall the folklor behind Them - mean us more to me Than Apollo or Thor or Wavers or Taniel or Huitzilopochtli; I do not command any more of my study attention than do these fellows objects of deistic regard. Hence my lack of special scholarship in their direction. What interests me is the whole human pageant, but any especial concern of it - Except so far as Environment & Caprice have given me a particular concern for Anglo-Saxon civilisation in The modern world & Roman civilisation in the ancient world.... a concern void exclusive enough to destroy the scope & objectivity of any larger general perspective.

It is, Then, only as an incident of history that The question of Christ's personality, origin, Existence, or non-Existence inheres in me. I have not explored the subject in detail, I do not pretend to have any lack casual, second-hand knowledge. When I gave a guess, it was only a rough tentative one - based on what data are commonly floating around. In saying That a new theory would be hard to Establish, I meant that there cannot be scholars who have univitely gone over all the available evidence many times before, & who would Therefore challenge any interpretation of that evidence which might differ from their own interpretations.... or from the interpretations of earlier scholars. In the case of obscure Jewish records, it is natural to assume that these cannot have been univitely explored by the weak number of profound Jewish scholars who have lived since the period of Christ. These scholars would have us content for concealing any facts they might have discovered, or conclusions they