Regarding the subject-matter of the book - I of course made no pretension to any sort of scholarship in stating what any vague or inconclusive guesses are. All that I have picked up are the older finds of common knowledge. Everywhere easily available. Preferably, I have to rely on the statements of others regarding the authenticity of this or that historical science. It is years since I have given this field any attention. Even in the past my attention was merely that of a superficial reader driven into occasional delays in order to justify my complete absence of all religious belief. Personally, I have not the slightest interest in any religion or its history; for I approach the whole problem of cosmic organisation from a totally opposite angle - That of objective scientific analysis based on the evidence of the visible universe. Nothing seems more certain to us than that nature altogether lacks any indication of conscious governance. On the other hand, psychology and anthropology clearly explain why people in pre-scientific ages felt the so-called religious emotions invented the various systems of poetic mythology to account for those emotions and to explain the then unknown phenomena of the earth and sky around them. Although no technical disproof of a "cosmic mind" exists there are two almost incredible reasons for believing in such: first, the fact that it is the most archaic and least evidently justified of all possible explanations of things; second, that it is so obviously a human invention - a product of the animistic attribution of human qualities to the non-human and abstract. Thus to use all traditional religion seems essentially irrelevant, if even trivial except in connexion with historical hagiographical research. We can see too plainly behind all religions to take any of them seriously, or to prefer any one of them to any other except in terms of social, intellectual, and ethical effects. So far as truth or justification is concerned, they are all alike - hence I can look upon their tales and characters - Zeus, Brahma, Odin, Jesus, Gautama, Yahweh, Muhammad,